all right guys today we'll be naming
this thing it's a weird little thing
that grows on pine trees oh
okay we are going to call it pineapple
pondopa
love it english um yeah i guess we'll
call it a pineapple too
all right fantastic uh up next is this
guy that's the same thing you just
showed us that's a pineapple
no it's not this is completely different
that's the exact same
that's what we'll call it yes and then
that's works please english could you
not see how these two are completely
different fine
all right i'll change the first one to
pine cone
why would you change the first one to
pine cone and keep this one as pineapple
um i wonder why
because the second one's not cone-shaped
this one isn't enough oh my god okay
for once french had a decent idea
pineapple
is fine okay i'm not gonna call it an
ass what
that's what french called it an ass it
is not an ass
it's an ass why would you put two
determiners you don't have to say
unknown ass you could just say an ass
it's like saying
uh a pineapple what